#summary How to build this project?
#labels Phase-Implementation,Phase-Requirements

== Introduction ==

This page contains instructions on how to build [http://hoxchess.googlecode.com/ HOXChess] binaries files based on the *latest* version of the source code.
The page's content is solely based on my experience working on the project.

== Requirements ==
Starting from version *0.0.3.0*, the project can run under Windows and Linux, thanks to the cross platform portability of [http://www.wxwidgets.org wxWidgets].

  * [http://www.wxwidgets.org/ wxWidgets] 2.8.6 
  * Operating Systems
    * Under Windows
      * Windows XP or Vista
      * Visual C++ 2005 Express Edition
      * Microsoft Platform SDK
    * Under Linux
      * Any Linux distribution that has _g++_ and _make_ package. I have tried on the following:
        * [http://www.centos.org/ CentOS] 4.5 using Eclipse CDT 3.3, or
        * [http://www.ubuntu.com/ Ubuntu] 7.10 using [http://www.kdevelop.org KDevelop] 3.5 (as custom project or as an Automake based project).

== Detailed Instructions under Windows ==
  * wxWidgets: Put the libaries and headers under _C:\wxMSW-2.8.6_
    * If your wxWidgets' location is different, then you need to adjust the appropriate settings of the hox_Client.vcproj (see below).
  * Make sure the path of INCLUDE and LIBS in your Visual Studio C++ containing that of Microsoft Platform SDK (such as C:\WinSDK)
  * Simply open the project _hox_Project/hox_Client/hox_Client.vcproj_ inside Visual C++ and build from there.

== Detailed Instructions under Linux ==
  * Simply go to CChess/hox_Project folder and run the *make* command from there.
    * Everything is contained within a simple _Makefile_ located under CChess/hox_Project/
    * I also created a KDevelop project CChess/hox_Project/hox_Project.kdevelop

== Detailed Instructions under Eclipse in Linux ==
  * For [http://www.eclipse.org/cdt/ Eclipse C++ (CDT)], you need to create a new project.
  * Add all the source code (.h and .cpp) files to the project.
  * Adjust the C++ compiler's setting based on the output of wx-config program.
  * *NOTE* : 
    * So far, I could not install Eclipse 3.3 on my Ubuntu 7.10 based laptop, only on my CentOS 4.5 based desktop could I successfully install Eclipse.
    * There is some work to be done... but the source code should be built as is if you can manage to install Eclipse CDT 4.0 or later.